The Fable of Princess Foo
Part 1
 Once upon a time, in a kingdom known as cloudland there was a brilliant princess named Foo. Foo was brilliant programmer and dreamed of magnificent, well-documented code that could change society.
Princess Foo lived with her kitty Ipsum inside the tallest castle tower of Cloudland. Princess Foo dreamed of making her code accessible to everyone. Princess Foo's parents, the king and queen of cloudland, did not approve of this idea.
As such they admonished Princess Foo to the highest castle tower in Cloudland and heavily restricted her communications with the people of Cloudland.
Try as they might, the clever Princess Foo always has a hack up her sleeve. Princess Foo taught a little blue bird she named Hamlet to send and receive messages on her behalf. She also taught Ipsum not to eat Hamlet. 
One day Princess Foo received a message from Prince Bar of Darpastan. Prince Bar was compelled by the ideas of Princess Foo and wanted to meet with her in person. Princess Foo knew that her parents would never allow such a visitor.
So Princess Foo devised a clever scheme to meet with Prince Bar.
Part 2
Several weeks after sending her instructions to Prince Bar, and delegation of horses, knights, and servants appeared at the residence of the king and queen of Cloudland.
The delegation belonged to Prince Bar, under the alias Prince Caesar. Prince Caesar approached the king and queen and declared that he was in search of a bride to become his future queen.
He postured that he had heard rumors that the royal family of Cloudland had a princess in need of a husband. He offered the king and queen numerous gifts in exchange for the hand of Princess Foo.
The king and queen were reluctant to acknowledge the existence of Princess Foo, however they were heavily persuaded by the offerings of Prince Bar. The king and queen agreed to allow the prince to marry their daughter, but he was not permitted to meet her first. They are to marry on the first day of spring.
Part 3
On the first day of spring, prince Bar arrived for the wedding.
